hi guys welcome to authentic dry mouth
today I'm just going to take you through
some sixteenth note patterns for snare
drum so within just a rock groove for a
funk groove but the the the main
emphasis some of these grooves man you
wouldn't be able to heard these before
but the main emphasis for today is that
we're actually accenting the backbeat
and keeping all the other sixteenth know
stuff as soft as we can so we're dealing
with two separate stick Heights so
little big ok so that's the aim alright
so on your little PDF that's attached to
this lesson which you can get at to
authentic drummer comm under the under
this lesson there's a link there's a B
and C and there's two grooves in each
and easy medium and hard and when I say
that it depends on what your school
level is as to whether you find them
easier whether you find them hard but
that's kind of how I've broken them up
okay so I'm going to do two grooves per
thing and I'm gonna play each one four
times and I'm gonna try my hardest to
really play this back piece as as strong
as I can on on the two and the four
and keeping everything else as soft as I
can okay here we go so I'm just gonna
play I'll stop after a stop after B and
then play C here we go
okay so the main reason why IRA can see
is the hardest is because you ended up
having to do I end up having to do a
double you put your back beat and then
it immediately after you've got a stop
stroke so you've ended up sort of
something like this
alright so it's not the easiest thing to
doing it takes a little bit of time to
get used to that but overall that's the
concept and you can apply it to anything
you like because if you're playing a
main groove at an important you know
wedding or whatever it is that you're
playing and you want to be able to play
something that sort of emphasizes the
the sixteenth note subdivision but you
don't want to get turned around saying
why is it gone - this is a great way of
doing it because you just keep
everything sort of soft it's there and
it's helping the groove but it's not
taking over everything okay and that's a
big thing thanks again for watching
we'll see you again very soon